---
title: "About"
description: ""
date: "2018-03-30"
meta: "false"
menu: "main"
---

I am an educator and writer interested in digital humanities,
linguistics, and farming. I like maps and long hikes. One of my dreams
is to build a small farmstead with beekeeping, various fermentation
capabilities (kimchi, cheese, and Czech pilseners), and an <a
href="https://www.brainpickings.org/2015/03/24/umberto-eco-antilibrary/">antilibrary</a>.

I teach British and American literature at <a
href="https://waterfordschool.org">The Waterford School</a> in Sandy,
Utah.

My educational background is in linguistics (<a
href="https://linguistics.stanford.edu/people/phd-alumni">Ph.D.</a>
and <a
href="https://linguistics.stanford.edu/people/bama-alumni">M.A.</a>,
Stanford University) and German (<a
href="https://german.georgetown.edu/people/alumni#MA%20Recip">M.A.</a>,
Georgetown University). I graduated /summa cum laude/ from the
University of California, Irvine, and studied German language and
literature at Göttingen.

<a href="/docs/resume_matthew-edward-adams.pdf">My résumé is located here</a>.

<a href="/docs/cv_matthew-edward-adams.pdf">My academic curriculum vitae is located here</a>.

This website is maintained with the open source <a
href="https://gohugo.io/">Hugo engine</a> and is hosted (currently) on
<a
href="https://github.com/linguistgate/public_workspace">GitHub</a>. The
typeface is mostly <a href="https://edwardtufte.github.io/et-book/">ET
Book</a> because I find it aesthetically pleasing, and I like some of
Edward Tufte's ideas. I believe in maintaining control over my content
even if the personal webpage has become sadly antiquated, and I hold
fast to the idea that the Web should be a space of contributory
individual expression, not compartmentalization, reactionary
amplification, lock-down, and lock-in. To that extent, my Web presence
through Phantisocracy is political.

/The title of my public Web presence, Phantisocracy, refers to the
utopian ideal set forth by Samuel Taylor Coleridge and Robert Southey
in the 1790s. Their pantisocratic ideals were never concretely
realized. A phantisocracy is my term of art for any utopian scheme
that remains hypothetical./
